Update issue templates (#13970)
ethereum/solidity: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug Report

> about: Issues, deficiencies or problems discovered on Solidity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Problems, deficiencies, inaccuracies or crashes discovered on Solidity.
```

> about: Problems, deficiencies, inaccuracies or crashes discovered on Solidity.

Reviewer 2: One more thing I just remembered. Are you sure these will even be picked up? Currently the descriptions that are displayed come from `config.yml`. And not having them in there  was causing weird issues with links specified in `config.yml` not being picked up tye last time I tried: #12419.

Author: Unlikely, since that was over 2 yo.

title: ''

> labels: 'bug :bug:'

Reviewer 2: Not sure there is a point in adding it back. We removed labels from these templates because they don't work. They only get applied when we create issues ourselves. Users don't have permissions to add labels.

Reviewer 2: What about this? I'm not kidding. It works that way. We'll end up having these labels only on issues we create ourselves.
